document where the chart is hosted (#1554)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/quickstart.md

be skipped with warning when using v3. Documentation for installing applications
with Helm 2 can be found in the [v2 docs](https://v2.helm.sh/docs/).

> The chart can also be found at: https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/

Reviewer: This URL currently gives a 404. Is this something which is supposed to work after this is merged?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chart can also be found at: https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/postgres-operator-1.6.3.tgz
```

Author: this is the url of the chart repo, helm uses it to query the index.yaml: 
```
https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/index.yaml
```
and from there, retrieve the path of the chart and append it to the same prefix to download.

Author: @FxKu please revert your change

Author: the way you install chart is for example:
```
helm repo add postgres-operator https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/
helm install postgres-operator/postgres-operator postgres-operator ...
```
If you do not want the 404 you can make it redirect to the github repo are something like that, but it is really not a problem

Reviewer 2: Then I suggest these are the commands you shall add to the quickstart. Otherwise it's confusing.

Author: @FxKu this standard when using helm it is also not the only way, if you use helmfile or other your file looks like:
repositories:
  - name: postgres-operator
    url: https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/
releases:
  - chart: postgres-operator/postgres-operator
    namespace: postgres-operator
    version: 1.6.3
    name: postgres-operator

Author: @FxKu that is good with me :) thanks
Somehow CI keeps failing though...

> The chart can also be found at: https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/postgres-operator-1.6.3.tgz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chart is also hosted at: https://opensource.zalando.com/postgres-operator/charts/postgres-operator/
```
